you
initiating landing procedure everyone
aren't stand by hello my name is robert
Llewellyn I play the character Crichton
2x4 b-52 3p but a jerky middle name
Craig shall i play Dave Lister Chris
Barry and I'm playing Arnold J Rimmer
Danny John jewels and I play cat Sophie
Winkleman and I am playing Katarina
birthday kofsky she used to be a red
dwarf science officer and now she's the
senior officer because she had to get
rid of River because he was bit crap
della I'm writer director executive
producer and I haven't slept in about
four months a show was called back to
earth it's about western rim it and
Crichton and cat finding a way back to
earth in the early part of the 20th 21st
century brighton certainly has issues
with that period of time because he
knows what's going to happen to certain
technologies which i think is very
amusing that we are all used to know and
he also is very confused when he talks
to what he thinks are the small sentient
droids that are parked around the street
and when he talks to them they don't
answer back and they turn out to be
letter boxes they just laughing at your
face Crichton nothing to worry about
back in the 21st century they laughed at
freaks all the time they used to have TV
shows on Saturday nights where they get
out all the freaks make them sing and
dance and then point and laugh at them
simple people simple tastes
I've never known a show where the crew
was so interested in encino footage and
these are kind of hardened you know guys
who making TV shows all the time wanting
to come into the edits to see what the
rushes were like and we're really
excited with what this all it's very
hard to judge how big a cult following
is in actual numbers but it does feel
like it's a lot of people who really
fanatically love the show but they're
sort of surrounded by a much bigger pool
of people who thought that was really
good that show so which adds up to a
fairly chunky audience I think you know
so there are there some real there are
absolute hardcored Toffees who will be
watching every frame with worrying
intensity which makes us very nervous
but then there's I think there's quite a
large following of sort of relaxed
viewers who quite like red dwarf cabin
crew landed
you